index.rst, before:


======================================
Welcome to Simplifier's documentation!
======================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Firely Products
   :hidden:

   Back to all Firely Products <https://docs.fire.ly>

.. image:: ./images/Simplifier-illustration.png
  :align: right
  :width: 250px
  :alt: Illustration of Simplfier.net

`Simplifier.net <https://simplifier.net>`_ is a FHIR specification development, collaboration and publishing platform.
Below you will find the documentation for the platform.

Release notes
-------------
The release notes for Simplifier can be found `here. <https://simplifier.net/organization/firely/~news>`_



.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Simplifier.net Docs:

   simplifierIntro
   simplifierBrowse
   simplifierPersonalContent
   simplifierResources
   simplifierProjects
   simplifierTeamManagement
   simplifierQualityControl
   simplifierDocumentationRedirection
   simplifierOrganizationPortal
   api
   simplifierForgeIntegration
   simplifierPackages
   simplifierGithub
   simplifierBackupAndSynchronization
   simplifierConnectors
   simplifierEmbeddedRendering
   simplifierCanonicalClaims
   simplifierIGeditor
   simplifierPublishedGuides
   simplifierFQL
   simplifierFirely-server
   FHIRRegistry
   accessibility
   simplifierContact
   Knownissues

Commit message:

restructured documentation for clearer overview

index.rst, after:


======================================
Welcome to Simplifier's documentation!
======================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Firely Products
   :hidden:

   Back to all Firely Products <https://docs.fire.ly>

.. image:: ./images/Simplifier-illustration.png
  :align: right
  :width: 250px
  :alt: Illustration of Simplfier.net

`Simplifier.net <https://simplifier.net>`_ is a FHIR specification development, collaboration and publishing platform.
Below you will find the documentation for the platform.

Release notes
-------------
The release notes for Simplifier can also be found `here. <https://simplifier.net/organization/firely/~news>`_



.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 1
  :caption: Simplifier.net Docs:
  
  Getting started <getting_started/getting_started>
  Administration <administration/administration>
  Features <features/features>
  Accessibility <accessibility>
  Contact <simplifierContact>
  Known issues <Knownissues>
  Release notes <simplifierReleaseNotes>
