develop/quality-control/structure.rst, before:

Structure
---------

A yaml rules file is named as follows: ``<name>.rules.yaml``. The
default ruleset is called ``default.rules.yaml``

Rulesets
~~~~~~~~~

A yaml ruleset file consists of entries, start with a dash, followed by
a series of indented key-value pairs: Notice that the comments here are
not part of the entry, just an description how to read it.

.. code-block:: yaml

   # comment for first entry

   - first: value
     second: value
     third: value

   # comment for second entry

   - first: value
     second: value
     third: value

Default rulesets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Simplifier will provide a few default rulesets, accessible to every project:
``minimal.rules.yaml`` and ``recommended.rules.yaml``.

Minimal ruleset
================

The minimal series a very small set of rules that we know everyone
aggrees on. This minimal series include the bulk validation rule, 
validating all resources against the FHIR specification and your profiles.

Additionally it validates whether all your canonical URLs are unique, 
another minimal requirement for a FHIR specification.

Recommended ruleset
====================

The recommended series is a more opiniated set of rules that we defined,
including what we believe a FHIR project should conform too. On top of the
minimal rules checks are added to ensure:

- All your resources have an `id`, which is not required but good practice.
  This will allow you to refer to any resource uniquely, even if it does not
  have a canonical URL.
- That the snapshot of the resource is not provided in your source models.
  While providing a snapshot is surely allowed, it makes your resources larger 
  than necessary and snapshots will be computed again by many tools anyway. 

Custom rulesets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can add other rule files, to your project, as long as their name
follows this pattern: ``<name>.rules.yaml``. It does not matter where
you place these files. They will all be discovered by the system, and
exposed in the Quality Control menu of your project, to allow you to run
them.

You can run every individual rule files in your project.

Running individual sets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In Simplifier and in :doc:`Firely Terminal<firely_terminal_docs:index>`
you can run individual rulesets, in which case the default set and 
other sets will not be run. You can however include other rulesets
in a Yaml Rule File. See the :doc:`include<rule-actions/include>` action 
for more details.

Commit message:

Adding images and rewriting intro

develop/quality-control/structure.rst, after:

Structure
---------

A yaml rules file is named as follows: ``<name>.rules.yaml``. The
default ruleset is called ``default.rules.yaml``

Rulesets
~~~~~~~~~

A yaml ruleset file consists of entries, start with a dash, followed by
a series of indented key-value pairs: Notice that the comments here are
not part of the entry, just an description how to read it.

.. code-block:: yaml

   # comment for first entry

   - first: value
     second: value
     third: value

   # comment for second entry

   - first: value
     second: value
     third: value

.. figure:: /images/run-quality-control.png
    :alt: Simplifier.net project drop-down for running rulesets
    :align: right

    Executing one of the rulesets on a Simplifier.net project

Default rulesets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Simplifier will provide a few default rulesets, accessible to every project:
``minimal.rules.yaml`` and ``recommended.rules.yaml``.

Minimal ruleset
================

The minimal series a very small set of rules that we know everyone
aggrees on. This minimal series include the bulk validation rule, 
validating all resources against the FHIR specification and your profiles.

Additionally it validates whether all your canonical URLs are unique, 
another minimal requirement for a FHIR specification.

Recommended ruleset
====================

The recommended series is a more opiniated set of rules that we defined,
including what we believe a FHIR project should conform too. On top of the
minimal rules checks are added to ensure:

- All your resources have an `id`, which is not required but good practice.
  This will allow you to refer to any resource uniquely, even if it does not
  have a canonical URL.
- That the snapshot of the resource is not provided in your source models.
  While providing a snapshot is surely allowed, it makes your resources larger 
  than necessary and snapshots will be computed again by many tools anyway. 

Custom rulesets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can add other rule files, to your project, as long as their name
follows this pattern: ``<name>.rules.yaml``. It does not matter where
you place these files. They will all be discovered by the system, and
exposed in the Quality Control menu of your project, to allow you to run
them.

You can run every individual rule files in your project.

Running individual sets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In Simplifier and in :doc:`Firely Terminal<firely_terminal_docs:index>`
you can run individual rulesets, in which case the default set and 
other sets will not be run. You can however include other rulesets
in a Yaml Rule File. See the :doc:`include<rule-actions/include>` action 
for more details.
